- **Scope**: We are one half of the Intelligent Convoy System team this academic year, ICS allows one leader vehicle to have autonomous follower vehicles with active obstacle avoidance. We are the ICS processor team, we are responsible for bringing inter-car communication and motor control to ICS. 
- **Schedule**: We're on schedule, though we have unfortunately needed to develop our backup plan in the case that we can not get comms between fpgas working.
- **Spending**: Spending has not changed since our last standup. Total spent still stands at $707.92
- **Stakeholders**: Our current stakeholder is Dr. LaBerge. Currently waiting on the antennas for the arduino gigas
- **Status**: Since our last stand-up, we have had many issues attempting to integrate the parts of the processor in order to get our leader vehicle and avoidance interface test working. We have started to develop our backup plan, using the avoidance's microcontrollers, implementing communication between each car with wi-fi as well as getting the PWM to work. We will also start to look into bluetooth communication for the fpgas once this is complete.
- **Specifics**: Due to the fact that we are nearing our deadline, we have decided to fully develop our backup using microcontrollers, having each microcontroller act as a webserver across a LAN. We have gotten communication with this method working as well as created PWM functions for the direction and speed motors for the avoidance team to use. We plan on finishing up the microcontroller implementation and running our leader vehicle test. Once that is complete, we will shift gears, attempting to maintain our fpga design by testing with bluetooth communication instead of the wireless PAN communication we were working with before.